[Music]
looking a little bit wild but today's
video is going to be a full week of
workout and I'm super excited to take
you through like a week of my workouts
split at the moment I do two or four
body days so one is like chest shoulders
at the other is back an energy to lower
body days and these tend to be like one
is like glute and hamstring focus and
the other one is like legs and quads
focused this just really suits me like
my workouts abilities obviously like
tailored to myself and I find my body
reacts really well to it but obviously
if you do like follow anything that I do
on here just remember like take rest for
you if that make sense obviously what
works for one person might not work
someone else and then I've been
influencing like one hit day or like
cardio I just see what I feel like on
the day and do some ABS as well at some
point like during the week whenever I've
got that bit of like extra energy laughs
generally after hella hella pre-workout
today is Monday I always like to start
off with like a back workout
there's something about back day that
just makes me feel like a very empowered
motivated woman and it just makes me
feel a kind of way you know I don't like
to start off a week with like a leg day
cuz I think that's too much too much for
a Monday and Mason is joining me now
I mean the place
[Music]
[Applause]
here are just some of my upper body
stretches that are really simple and
easy to do but just make sure you're
incorporating stretching into your
everyday like workout routine or
whatever that you'll notice such a big
difference in like your flexibility and
just overall mobility on a whole so here
is my gym outfit of the day how nice are
these leggings but I never ever thought
I'd be complaining about something like
right now but it's really hard to get
this lighting right happy Tuesday or
whatever day is when you're watching
this so I've just got to the gym it's
really chilly morning I must admit this
morning I'm wrapped up in my duvet coat
and I'm about to head into the gym and
train legs I always seem to end up doing
legs on a Tuesday and and it's quite a
good day after I started the week off
well with a back workout you know the
drill I woke up before my alarm today so
I think whenever that happens don't you
think that just sets you up for like you
know you're gonna have a good day I'm
really I'm really liking this video
because I can sort of like tell you how
I feel as well as of recently like I
found some really good motivation over
the past couple months I think now like
with my workout for me the gym is often
just like therapy it always makes me
feel amazing afterwards and I kind of
live for that at the moment so yeah a
lot of these workouts are in my guide
and it's so easy because I've like got
them pre-prepared so I don't need to
like think and I don't need to like put
too much effort or energy into thinking
or what we're gonna do today and it just
saves me like being aimless with my gym
sessions you know so yeah let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
I hello again I hope you enjoyed the
video so far I'm not gonna bit puffy eye
today and I didn't sleep that well last
night and it go to bed super late I was
just like on my phone giggling loads of
stuff about coronavirus and it's so bad
wrong and if the only place I'm going at
the moment is the gym and I'm just like
keep my distance using as a hand gel and
stuff and I don't know what's gonna
happen in the next few days whether like
self-isolation will be like complete
thing B I'm just playing it by ear at
the moment trying to just remain as calm
as possible whilst taking like
precautions in the birthers bit yeah so
that's where I'm at I'm gonna get a
lower body workout being intermittent
fasting if you've seen some of my other
videos I feel a bit weak today because
I'm going to the gym a little bit later
I just had to run to the post off it is
so yeah I'm needing my pre-workout more
than anything today this is the
watermelon flavor and I mentioned this
in my Amazon video that are just that I
did it as well
so yeah I'll take you along today
foodie and the ladybug McGinnis
[Music]
remember to carry this stuff in at the
gym especially at the moment after like
every set basically so my Thursday wake
workout is a lower-body day and I'm
focusing on my quads and legs on a whole
actually have really really started
enjoying my squats a lot more thankfully
[Music]
so final word of the week is a hit
circuit apps that you love these getting
super sweaty so I'll take you through
this one
[Music]
I really hope you found this video
useful don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and I'll see you guys
in the next video
[Music]